[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 horror film get out so
let's get started
Chris Washington agrees to meet the
family of his girlfriend Rose Armitage
at the family's countryside estate roses
parents neurosurgeon Dean and
hypnotherapist Missy greet Chris very
warmly
later roses brother Jeremy makes
unsettling comments about African
Americans over dinner
further Chris notices that the
housekeeper Georgina and the
groundskeeper Walter are oddly compliant
unable to sleep Chris goes outside to
smoke and sees the groundskeeper Walter
startingly running from the woods in
georgina staring cross-eyed at her
reflection in the mirror
Missy catches Chris returning and talks
him into a hypnotherapy session to cure
his smoking addiction in a trance Chris
recounts the death of his mother that
was involved in a hit and run when he
was a child he sinks into a void that
Missy calls the sunken place he awakens
believed in he had a nightmare but
realizes that cigarettes now revolt him
Walter apologizes for having disturbed
him and confirms that Chris was in
Missy's office at the Armitage's annual
get-together several wealthy white
people are interested in Chris admiring
his physique Jim Hudson takes particular
interest Chris also meets a fellow
african-american named Logan King who to
act strangely Chris calls his friend TSA
officer rod Williams about the hypnosis
and the strange behavior he takes a
photo of Logan to send to rod but the
camera flash makes Logan hysterical and
he begs Chris to get out the others
restrain Logan claiming that he was
having a seizure away from the house
Chris persuades Rose to leave with him
while Dean holds an auction with a
picture of Chris on display with Jim
Hudson winning rod recognizes Logan as a
missing person and suspects a conspiracy
rod tries to get the police involved but
he is mocked while packing to leave
Chris finds photos of Rose and prior
relationships with other African
Americans including Walter and Georgina
rose in the family block his exit and
Missi hypnotizes
Chris awakens strapped to a chair a
video featuring Rose's grandfather
explains that the family transplants the
brains of white people into African
American bodies and that the
consciousness of the host remains in the
sunken place watching but powerless
Hudson tells Chris that he wants his
body Chris plugs his ears with cotton
stuffing from the chair blocking the
hypnotic commands when Jeremy comes to
collect him for surgery
Chris bludgeons him and pails Dean
knocks down a candle that sets the house
on fire and stabs Missy
Jeremy intercepts him at the door but
Chris brutally kills him he takes the
car and drives away but hits Georgina
remembering his mother's own death he
carries Georgina into the car but she is
possessed by roses grandmother and
attacks him which crashes the car and
kills her Rose and Walter who is
actually possessed by roses grandfather
catch up with him
Chris awakens the real Walter with a
phone flash who takes Rose's rifle
shoots her then kills himself Chris
begins to strangle Rhodes but cannot
bring himself to kill her
the police appear to arrive but has
actually Chris's friend rod in a TSA car
and they both drive away together so
that was the spoilers for get out if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on our various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]